Update brand-and-visual-design-guidelines.md (#866)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/operations/company-processes/publishing/publishing-guidelines/brand-and-visual-design-guidelines.md

* Do not rearrange elements of the logo
* Do not use the logo at sizes smaller than the indicated minimum size

### Logo downloads

> [You can download all Mattermost logo files here](https://mattermost.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/Mattermost_Logo.zip).

Author: ```suggestion
[You can download all Mattermost logo files here](http://mattermost.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mattermost_Logo.zip).
```

## Brand guidelines

> You can view the [Mattermost Brand Guidelines here](https://mattermost.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/Mattermost_Brand_Guidelines.pdf).

Author: ```suggestion
You can view the [Mattermost Brand Guidelines here](http://mattermost.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mattermost_Brand_Guidelines.pdf).
```
